https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/national-serviceman|阿兵哥|National Serviceman
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/top-actress|阿姐|top actress
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/loan-shark|阿窿|loan shark
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/hooligan|阿明阿莲|hooligan (colloquially known as ah beng ah lian)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/aunty-charmer|阿嫂杀手|aunty charmer
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/ecstasy-drug|爱它死|ecstasy (drug)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/acquired-immune-deficiency-syndrome-aids|爱之病|Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/deposit|按柜金|deposit
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/old-folks-home|安老院|old folks' home
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/offshore-bank|岸外银行|offshore bank
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/foresty-area|芭|Foresty area
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/baba|峇峇|baba
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/batik|峇迪|batik
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/hypermarket|霸级市场|hypermarket
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/parang|巴冷刀|parang
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/market|巴刹|market
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/pasar-language|巴刹语言|pasar language
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bus-lane|巴士道|bus lane
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bus-interchange|巴士转换站|bus interchange
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/illegal-ferrying-or-unpaid-rides|霸王车|Illegal ferrying or unpaid rides
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/percent|巴仙|percent
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bermuda-shorts|百慕达裤|bermuda shorts
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bugis|白沙浮|Bugis
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/semi-detached-house|半独立式洋房|semi-detached house
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/article-placement|版位|article placement
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bungee-jumping|绑紧跳|bungee jumping
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/popiah|薄饼|popiah
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/medisave|保健储蓄|MediSave
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/revealing|暴露|revealing
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/pay-a-return-visit|报聘|pay a return visit
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/adjudication-of-bankruptcy|报穷|adjudication of bankruptcy
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/birth-certificate|报生纸|birth certificate
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/backpacker|背包客|backpacker
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bishan|碧山|Bishan
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/post-it-notes|便利贴|post-it notes
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/caning|鞭刑|caning
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/a-bosomy-woman|波霸|a bosomy woman
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/boat-quay|驳船码头|Boat Quay
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/television-channel|波道|television channel
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/condolence-gift|帛金|condolence gift
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bookmaker-bookie|卜基|bookmaker (bookie)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/choa-chu-kang|蔡厝港|Choa Chu Kang
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/clerk|财副|clerk
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/general-interbank-recurring-order-giro|财路|General Interbank Recurring Order (GIRO)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/grassroots|草根|grassroots
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/breathalyzer|测醉器|breathalyzer
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/teh-o|茶乌|teh-o
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/causeway|长堤|Causeway
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/permanent-secretary|常任秘书|Permanent Secretary
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/depot|车厂|depot
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/car-keys|车匙|car keys
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/ride|乘搭|ride
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-travel-or-have-a-vacation-overseas|吃风|to travel or have a vacation overseas (colloquially known as jiak hong)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-rest-and-recharge|充电|to rest and recharge
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/take-a-shower|冲凉|take a shower
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/junior-college|初级学院|junior college
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/gift-card|储值购物卡|gift card
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/boat-people|船民|boat people
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-describe-a-vehicle-moving|川行|to describe a vehicle moving
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/subpoena|传召|Subpoena
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/venture-fund|创业基金|venture fund
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/river-hong-bao|春到河畔迎新年|River Hong Bao
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/toa-payoh|大巴窑|Toa Payoh
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/takeaway|打包|takeaway
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/thaipusam|大宝森节|Thaipusam
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-cane|打鞭|to cane
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/tua-pek-kong|大伯公|Tua Pek Kong
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/at-least|打底|at least
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/passenger|搭客|passenger
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/block-number|大牌|block number
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/south-bridge-road-area|大坡|South Bridge Road area
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/special-occasion|大日子|special occasion
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-promote-a-new-book|打书|to promote a new book
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/suit|大衣|suit
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/big-character-poster|大字报|big-character poster
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/single-session-system|单班制|single-session system
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/one-shoulder-outfit|单肩装|One shoulder outfit
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/temasek|淡马锡|Temasek
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/unit-trust|单位信托|unit trust
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/single-member-constituency-smc|单选区|Single Member Constituency (SMC)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/party-whip|党鞭|Party Whip
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/pawnshop|当店|pawnshop
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/taxi|德士|taxi
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/values-in-action-via|德育在于行动|Values in Action (VIA)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/district|地段|district
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/cable-television|电缆电视|cable television
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/threaten|恫言|threaten
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/pre-school|豆豆班|pre-school
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/tau-suan|豆爽|tau suan
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/gambling-ship|赌船|gambling ship
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/independent-candidate|独立候选人|independent candidate
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/detached-house|独立式洋房|detached house
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/lunar-new-year-gifts-for-senior-citizens|度岁金|lunar new year gifts for senior citizens
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/toto-lottery|多多|TOTO (lottery)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/multi-racial|多元种族|Multi-racial
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/2-room-flats|二房式|2-Room Flats
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/anti-drug-abuse-campaign|反嗜毒运动|Anti-Drug Abuse Campaign
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/smoke-detector|防火探热器|smoke detector
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bomb-shelter|防空所|bomb shelter
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/jurong-bird-park|飞禽公园|Bird Park
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/filipino-domestic-helper|菲佣|Filipino domestic helper
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/strata-title|分层地契|Strata Title
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/medicated-oil|风油|medicated oil
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/stilt-house|浮脚屋|stilt house
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/service-apartment|服务公寓|service apartment
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/curry-puff|咖喱卜|curry puff
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/village-colloquially-known-as-ikampungi|甘榜|village (colloquially known as kampung)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kampong-glam|甘榜格南|Kampong Glam
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/daringly|敢敢|daringly
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/gifted-education-programme|高才班|Gifted Education Programme
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/flyover|高架公路|flyover
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/coffee-shop-colloquially-known-as-ikopi-tiami|㗝呸店|coffee shop (colloquially known as kopi tiam)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/ownership-transfer|割名|ownership transfer
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/public-holiday|公共假日|public holiday
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/executive-condominium|共管式公寓|executive condominium
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/commonwealth-of-nations|共和联邦|Commonwealth of Nations
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/central-provident-fund-cpf|公积金|Central Provident Fund (CPF)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/electronic-road-pricing-erp|公路电子收费|Electronic Road Pricing (ERP)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/institute-of-technical-education-ite|工艺教育学院|Institute of Technical Education (ITE)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/community-chest|公益金|Community Chest
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/work-permit|工作准证|work permit
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/coupon|固本|coupon
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/quota|固打|quota
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/gurkha-contingent|辜加警察团|Gurkha Contingent
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/dengue-fever|骨痛溢血热症|dengue fever
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/nominated-member-of-parliament-nmp|官委议员|Nominated Member of Parliament (NMP)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kong-meng-san-phor-kark-see-monastery|光明山普觉禅寺|Kong Meng San Phor Kark See Monastery
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/state-courts|国家法院|State Courts
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kway-teow|粿条|kway teow
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/hari-raya-haji|哈芝节|Hari Raya Haji
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/straits-chinese|海峡华人|Straits Chinese
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/luckily|好彩|luckily
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-have-a-good-life|好命|to have a good life
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/good-brothers-supernatural-spirits|好兄弟|good brothers (supernatural spirits)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bukit-ho-swee|河水山|Bukit Ho Swee
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/clifford-pier|红灯码头|Clifford Pier
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/ang-ku-kueh|红龟粿|ang ku kueh
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/caucasians--westerners-colloquially-known-as-iang-moi|红毛|caucasians / westerners (colloquially known as ang mo)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/rambutan|红毛丹|rambutan
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/ang-mo-kio|宏茂桥|Ang Mo Kio
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/off-peak-car-opc|红牌车|Off-Peak Car (OPC)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/wedding-invitation|红色炸弹|wedding invitation
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/samsui-women-red-headscarf|红头巾|samsui women (red headscarf)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/popular-numbers-for-4d|红字|popular numbers for 4D (4-digit lottery)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/hougang|后港|Hougang
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/back-bencher|后座议员|Back Bencher
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/haw-par-villa|虎豹别墅|Haw Par Villa
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/orchid|胡姬|orchid
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chinese-development-assistance-councilcdac|华社自助理事会|Chinese Development Assistance Council(CDAC)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chinese-malay-and-indian|华巫印|Chinese, Malay, and Indian
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chinese-school|华校|Chinese school
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chinese-heritage-centre|华裔馆|Chinese Heritage Centre
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/local-sitcom|环境剧|local sitcom
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/fort-canning-park|皇家山|Fort Canning Park
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/traditional-decoration-for-chinese-new-year|挥春|Traditional decoration for Chinese New Year
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kallang-gasworks|火城|Kallang Gasworks
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/fire-incident|火患|fire incident
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/active-ageing|活跃乐龄|Active Ageing
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/grassroots-leaders|基层领袖|grassroots leaders
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/busybody-colloquially-known-as-ikaypohi|鸡婆|busybody (colloquially known as kaypoh)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/group-representation-constituency-grc|集选区|Group Representation Constituency (GRC)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/rag-and-bone-man|加龙古尼|rag-and-bone man (colloquially known as karung guni)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/driving-centre|驾驶中心|Driving Centre
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/family-day|家庭日|family day
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/medishield|健保双全|MediShield
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/public-prosecutor|检察司|public prosecutor
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/pioneer-generation|建国一代|Pioneer Generation
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/guinness-world-records|健力士世界纪录大全|Guinness World Records
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/housing-and-development-board-hdb|建屋发展局|Housing and Development Board (HDB)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/speak-good-english-movement|讲标准英语运动|Speak Good English Movement
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/cendol|浆绿|cendol
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/black-magic|降头|black magic (colloquially known as gong tau)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/reflexology-walk|脚底按摩径|reflexology walk
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/sungei-road-colloquially-known-as-gek-sng-kio|结霜桥|Sungei Road (colloquially known as gek sng kio)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/street-gang|街头党|street gang
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/immersion-programme|浸濡|immersion (programme)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/injunction|禁制令|injunction
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/gold-and-jewellery-shop|金庄|gold and jewellery shop
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/police-sergeant|警曹|police sergeant
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/residents-committee-rc|居民委员会|Residents' Committee (RC)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/donate-blood|捐血|donate blood
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kopi-o|咖啡乌|kopi-o
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kaya|咖椰|kaya
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/foreign-workers|客工|migrant workers
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/clarke-quay|克拉码头|Clarke Quay
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/visiting-or-guest|客卿|visiting/guest
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kelong|奎笼|kelong
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/corrective-work-order-cwo|垃圾虫劳改|Corrective Work Order (CWO)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bin-centre|垃圾房|bin centre
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/senior|乐龄|senior
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/studio-apartment|乐龄公寓|studio apartment
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/senior-citizens-centre|乐龄中心|Senior Citizens' Centre
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/laksa|叻沙|laksa
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/polytechnic|理工学院|polytechnic
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/merdeka-generation|立国一代|Merdeka Generation
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/federation-of-malaysia-old-term-to-refer-to-malaysia|联邦|Federation of Malaysia (old term to refer to Malaysia)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/neighbourhood-school|邻里学校|neighbourhood school
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/durian|榴梿|durian
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-hitch-a-ride-reside-with-or-have-someone-pass-an-item-to-another-person-along-the-waycolloquially-known-as-itumpangi|隆帮|to hitch a ride, reside with or have someone pass an item to another person along the way (colloquially known as tumpang)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/lontong|隆东|lontong
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/longkang-fish|龙沟鱼|longkang fish
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/road-bully|路霸|road bully
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/road-tax|路税|road tax
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/lorry|罗厘|lorry
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/rojak|罗杂|rojak
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/police-colloquially-known-as-imatai-derived-from-imata-matai|马打|police (colloquially known as mata, derived from mata-mata)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/reverse-takeover|买壳上市|reverse takeover
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/catwalk|猫步|catwalk
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bee-tai-bak|米苔目|bee tai bak
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/mee-siam|米暹|mee siam
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/singapore-civil-defence-force-scdf|民防部队|Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/community-club|民众俱乐部|Community Club
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bubur-cha-cha|摩摩喳喳|bubur cha cha
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/motorcyclemotorbike|摩托车|motorcycle/motorbike
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/nanyang-coffee|南洋咖啡|Nanyang coffee
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/minister-mentor|内阁资政|Minister Mentor
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/yong-tau-foo|酿豆腐|yong tau foo
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/nyonya--nonya|娘惹|nyonya / nonya
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chinatown|牛车水|Chinatown
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/queenstown|女皇镇|Queenstown
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/eurasian|欧亚裔|Eurasian
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/afraid-of-losing-to-others-colloquially-known-as-ikiasui|怕输|afraid of losing to others (colloquially known as kiasu)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/party|派对|party
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/to-date-somebody-colloquially-known-as-ipaktori|拍拖|To date somebody (colloquially known as paktor)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/terrace-house|排屋|terrace house
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/lies|骗话|lies
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/character-and-citizenship-education-cce|品格与公民教育|Character and Citizenship Education (CCE)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/platform-screen-door|屏门|platform screen door
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/parallel-import|平行入口|parallel import
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/downtown|坡底|downtown
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/general-ticketing-machine|普通自动售票机|General Ticketing Machine
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/vehicle-entry-permit-vep|汽车入境准证|Vehicle Entry Permit (VEP)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/hijack|骑劫|hijack
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/rider|骑士|rider
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/news-that-will-anger-or-amuse-people|气闻|news that will anger or amuse people
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/getai|七月歌台|getai
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/money-changer|钱币兑换商|money changer
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/super-glue|强力胶|super glue
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/cleaner|清道夫|cleaner
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/light-rail-transit-lrt|轻轨列车|Light Rail Transit (LRT)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/talk-show|清谈节目|talk show
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bankruptcy|穷籍|bankruptcy
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/national-trades-union-congressntuc|全国职工总会|National Trades Union Congress(NTUC)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/total-defence-day|全面防卫日|Total Defence Day
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/peoples-association-pa|人民协会|People's Association (PA)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/honours-degree|荣誉学位|honours degree
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bak-chor-mee|肉脞面|bak chor mee
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bak-kut-teh|肉骨茶|bak kut teh
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/sembawang|三巴旺|Sembawang
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/pork-belly|三层肉|pork belly
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/p-plate|三角牌|P-plate
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/small-change|散钱|small change
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/satay|沙爹|satay
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/charitable-halls|善堂|charitable halls
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/mangosteen|山竹|mangosteen
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/sergeant|上士|Sergeant
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/sengkang|盛港|Sengkang
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/sentosa|圣淘沙|Sentosa
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/biometric-passport|生物认证护照|biometric passport
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/lion-city|狮城|Lion City
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/best-actor|视帝|Best Actor
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/food-court|食阁|food court
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/scooter|史古打|scooter
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/best-actress|视后|Best Actress
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/selat-old-term-to-refer-to-singapore|石叻|Selat (old term to refer to Singapore)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/waiter-or-waitress|侍应生|waiter or waitress
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/town-council|市镇理事会|Town Council
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/flag-selling|售旗|flag selling
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bras-basah-complex|书城|Bras Basah Complex
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/hawker-centre|熟食中心|hawker centre
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/articulated-busbendy-bus|双节巴士|articulated bus/bendy bus
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/straw|水草|straw
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/river-taxi|水上德士|river taxi
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/judicial-commissioner|司法委员|Judicial Commissioner
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/secret-society|私会党|secret society
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/waterloo-street|四马路|Waterloo Street
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/sun-yat-sen-nanyang-memorial-hall|孙中山南洋纪念馆（晚晴园）|Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/wheel-clamp-zone|锁车区|Wheel Clamp Zone
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/wheel-clamp|锁轮器|wheel clamp
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/keys|锁匙|keys
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/space-shuttle|太空梭|space shuttle
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/justice-of-the-peace|太平绅士|Justice of the Peace
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/court-fees|堂费|Court Fees
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/special-education-sped-school|特别学校|Special Education (SPED) school
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/privilege-banking|特惠银行服务|privilege banking
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/special-assistance-plan-sap-school|特选学校|Special Assistance Plan (SAP) school
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/flea-market|跳蚤市场|flea market
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/having-a-fist-fight|铁公鸡|having a fist fight
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/tips|贴士|tips
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/boss|头家|Boss
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/foreman|头手|foreman
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/correction-fluid|涂改剂|correction fluid
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/peranakan-chinese|土生华人|Peranakan Chinese
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/deepavali|屠妖节|Deepavali
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/prime-mover|拖车头|prime mover
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/sell|脱售|sell
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/4d-4-digit-lottery|万字票|4D (4-digit lottery)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/vesak-day|卫塞节|Vesak Day
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/rochor|梧槽|Rochor
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/otah|乌达|otah, (derived from otak-otak)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/five-foot-way|五脚基|five-foot-way
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/unexpected-mistake|乌龙|Unexpected mistake
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/bedok|勿洛|Bedok
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/pulau-ubin|乌敏岛|Pulau Ubin
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/fifty-fifty|五十对五十|fifty-fifty
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/midnight-show|午夜场|midnight show
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/accessibility-fund|无障碍建设基金|Accessibility Fund
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/dialysis|洗肾|dialysis
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/go-downtown|下坡|go downtown
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/gazette|宪报|gazette
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/cashcard|现金卡|CashCard
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/good-and-services-tax-gst|消费税|Good and Services Tax (GST)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/north-bridge-road-area|小坡|North Bridge Road area
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/school-cluster|校群|school cluster
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/little-india|小印度|Little India
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/comedian|谐星|comedian
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/the-singapore-sweep-lottery|新加坡大彩|The Singapore Sweep Lottery
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/singapore-national-pledge|新加坡国家信约|Singapore National Pledge
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/singapore-cambridge-general-certificate-of-education-advanced-level|新加坡剑桥普通教育证书（高级水准）|Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education (Advanced Level)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/singapore-sling|新加坡司令|Singapore sling
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/singapore-discovery-centre|新加坡知新馆|Singapore Discovery Centre
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/singa-fist|新加拳|Singa Fist
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/malaysia-singapore-second-link|新马第二通道|Malaysia-Singapore Second Link
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/johor-bahru|新山|Johor Bahru
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/newater|新生水|NEWater
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/xinyao|新谣|xinyao
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/xing-dao-singapore-island-old-term-to-refer-to-singapore|星岛|Xing Dao (Singapore island, old term to refer to Singapore)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/japanese-garden|星和园|Japanese Garden
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/reservoir|蓄水池|reservoir
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/student-care-centre|学生托管中心|Student Care Centre
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/student-pass|学生准证|Student Pass
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/learning-circle|学习圈|learning circle
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/achar|亚喳|achar
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/attap-house|亚答屋|attap house
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/association-of-southeast-asian-nations-asean|亚细安|Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/smoker|烟客|smoker
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/luminous-dragon-dance|夜光龙|luminous dragon dance
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/nasi-lemak|椰浆饭|nasi lemak
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/ez-link-card|易通卡|ez-link card
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/charity-walk|义走|charity walk
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/roti-prata|印度煎饼|roti prata
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/tontine|银会|tontine
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/cheers-as-a-toast-colloquially-known-as-iyumsengi|饮胜|cheers (as a toast, colloquially known as yumseng)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/baby-bonus|婴儿花红|baby bonus
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/scaffold|鹰架|scaffold
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/english-school|英校|English school
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/certificate-of-entitlement-coe|拥车证|Certificate of Entitlement (COE)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/freehold|永久地契|freehold
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/permanent-resident-pr|永久居民|Permanent Resident (PR)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/covered-walkway|有盖走道|covered walkway
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/postal-code|邮区号码|Postal Code
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/kindergarten|幼稚园|kindergarten
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chinese-garden|裕华园|Chinese Garden
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/yu-sheng|鱼生|yu sheng
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/merlion|鱼尾狮|Merlion
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/advance-medical-directive|预先医疗指示|Advance Medical Directive
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/yuanyang|鸳鸯|yuanyang
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/card-reader|阅卡器|card reader
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/one-off|一次过|one-off
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/economic-rice|杂菜饭|economic rice
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/recycle|再循环|recycle
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/operationally-ready-national-servicemannsman|战备军人|Operationally Ready National Serviceman
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/postponing-or-extending-a-date|展延|postponing or extending a date
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/lucky-number-for-4d-4-digit-lottery|真字|lucky number for 4D (4-digit lottery)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/government-aided-school|政府辅助学校|Government-Aided School
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/government-linked-companies-glc|政联公司|Government-Linked Companies (GLC)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/minister-of-state|政务部长|Minister of State
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/parliamentary-secretary|政务次长|Parliamentary Secretary
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/uniformed-groups|制服团体|uniformed groups
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/smart-shower-programme|智能花洒计划|Smart Shower Programme
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/water-rationing-exercise|制水|water rationing exercise
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/integrated-programme-ip|直通车课程|Integrated Programme (IP)
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/tiong-bahru|中峇鲁|Tiong Bahru
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/high-cost|重本|High cost
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/halfway-house|中途之家|halfway house
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/the-central-depository|中央托收公司|The Central Depository
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/a-group-that-organises-activities-for-hungry-ghost-festival|中元会|a group that organises activities for Hungry Ghost Festival
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/racial-harmony-day|种族和谐日|Racial Harmony Day
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chee-cheong-fun|猪肠粉|chee cheong fun
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chocolate|朱古力|chocolate
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/prosecutor|主控官|prosecutor
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/chingay-parade|妆艺大游行|Chingay Parade
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/vanda-miss-joaquim|卓锦·万代兰|Vanda Miss Joaquim
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/the-stock-exchange-of-singapore-dealing-and-automated-quotation-system|自动报价股市|The Stock Exchange of Singapore Dealing and Automated Quotation System
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/cash-deposit-machine|自动存款机|cash deposit machine
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/self-employed|自雇人士|self-employed
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/autonomous-school|自治学校|autonomous school
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/independent-school|自主学校|Independent School
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/self-service-automated-machine|自助邮务机|Self-service Automated Machine
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/polyclinic|综合诊疗所|polyclinic
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/clan-association|宗乡会馆|Clan Association
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/housing-development-board-hdb-flat|组屋|Housing Development Board (HDB) flat
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/housing-development-board-hdb-estate|组屋区|Housing Development Board (HDB) estate
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/supreme-court|最高法院|Supreme Court
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/drink-driving|醉酒驾车|drink-driving
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/manager|座办|manager
https://www.languagecouncils.sg/mandarin/ch/learning-resources/singaporean-mandarin-database/terms/work|做工|work
